Let you do it
Don't talk nonsense with me
Don't deceive people too much
What to do if you lose a doctor
Change the doctor Feng Jingtian, don't be ignorant, at least
I called you a doctor, and you're picky
The doctor can't change
Do you like to do surgery?
What are you guys doing?
Do you want to be fired?
What should I do?
What's the first step?
Stop it, doctor, I'll go by myself
Hello Tatsuta
How is the doctor I asked you to find?
Bring me the best doctor in the whole process right now
It's Long Shuai, he's already on his way.
It is expected to arrive in 2 minutes.
Feng Jingtian, what nonsense are you talking about?
The best doctor in all of Beicheng is my dad
Can't you call my dad?
Can you find out later?
The cowhide makes you blow to the sky
Are you not afraid of lightning?
Even if lightning strikes
You should be the one who hacked to death, right?
Hey, how dare you scold me?
Do you owe it to you to take revenge?
You bastard